it is possible that your soldiers from us it fits all the necessary
to send us more
you will find inside
their secure block of cement how many objects rise forward
the contract in 2 copies do not understand what we want to sign and
truth
a quilted envelope that will be used to protect clubs from objects
surrounding
some 150 by June
and envelopes secure declared value the post office which will receive a
quilted envelope
as well as the declared value bill
who will know we can quote by the police agents
we will see how we proceed to the instructions of Norman leaders
can secure colissimo words
so take your position to tell him the weight you do not of your
gold objects that you have posed
as well as the value you got through our simulator this
it's not mandatory
you can register sugar
for you take your envelope is that I did some screenshots for
deliver us
you introduce two young people have no search of a hunting group
in total 8 euros for a carte blanche
huge regrets
for the police
see the objects well that follow
you will remove the plastic cardboard and which is on tunis
suippes of the magnitude is important to do before closing it takes
then you removed the carpet
the sticker what happened to dancer
if you practiced sleep stickers
close to 36
like that law enforcement
closed it's all
the colissimo
if you have the coupon on which you can introduce
for your group
the first name to propose it to all objects as well as the value you have
target
you can notice that both numbers are the same numbers
identification of your home or his full
for its part, keep it with you
you both said simon to whatever they are in the time that
are at the top
so now let's go christelle daunay gold free
steve jobs policy group
in their crystal globe she takes care of all thibault
attack
tha for you to take the contract
that you take good care to sign a lot of two copies emilie has
indicated the date
to break away at story time
it's exemplary that you keep
then you take the photocopy of the ID card cost of your
passport proof of address
your rigor
with the contract
foot and introduce
the wrapped match pretty
once this operation carried out to remove the bank very sad
the stop sticker
it's anything
and you shut up
you will have the disturbing feeling in a secure area
and well protected with the contract the vouchers
So we're going to grow in Africa
in the wrapped secure then declared
for the post for wilfried fie not released yet
you have the right word
on which you write your name as your address
then you have to expand their territory to open it
you gently introduce
to thank him
like these 2005
in the delicate operation you have stickers language
to maintain with him
we withdraw the production
it's very disturbing
all this data to pick up on the other side of the flap
montredon no pressure me like that
but that's the secure magnitude
priests ouch
sent by mail so especially that he does not know
this slip on employment since the beginning of the year a postal officer
which is the north wind
Yes, it's true
this bordeaux with the magnitude to send us he will leave you the proof of
deposit that you will keep with you
you will stay with these three documents
the contract
so good
and by
the secure corner coupon that says simon and proof of deposit one
do not send then declared here so are the three documents
rb with you